Update Payments feature DG section (#237)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T13-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

<puml src="diagrams/PayActivityDiagram.puml" alt="PayActivityDiagram" />

The series of validation checks in the activity diagram also applies to the `owe` command.

#### Design considerations

**Aspect: Money representation data type**

There are multiple options to represent money values in the application within the Balance class.

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Use `int` to represent money value in cents.
  * Pros: Simple and straightforward, and not vulnerable to floating-point precision errors.
  * Cons: Requires more complex processing when converting to human-friendly string representations.
* **Alternative 2:** Use `double` to represent money value in dollars.
  * Pros: More human-friendly.
  * Cons: Vulnerable to floating-point precision errors.

**Aspect: Specialization of commands**

The payments feature could be implemented as a single command, with a negative sign to specify whether the payment is a `pay` or `owe` command.

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Use two separate `pay` and `owe` commands to represent positive and negative transactions.

>   * Pros: More straightforward to understand by a human by thinking "I pay $X to contact Y" or "I owe $X to contact Y".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Pros: Make the concept more straightforward for a human to understand; humans verbalize their thoughts by saying "I pay $X to contact Y" or "I owe $X to contact Y".
```

the two consecutive `by` makes it sound gramatically incorrect

Author: Makes sense!
